Add defaults for genomic evolution tab in patient view (#10309)
cBioPortal/cbioportal: docs/deployment/customization/portal.properties-Reference.md

skin.patientview.filter_genes_profiled_all_samples=
```

### Control default settings of the VAF line chart in the genomic evolution tab of patient view

> If you want to enablelog scale and sequential mode by default, set this property to `true`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to enable log scale and sequential mode by default, set this property to `true`:
```
